 Ensure A Brighter Future For Your Child 

By enrolling your child now in Synergy School System; to provide them with state of the art education now in your province of KPK.

The Best School for your child 

Which not only pays attention towards the education of their children but also focuses on providing a nurturing environment that develops the psychospiritual aspects and personality of your child



School Facilities 
                  Our School not only provides state of the art educational facilities but is also priviledged with various facilities some of which are mentioned below
 
Generator 
To ensure comfort of children and ease of learning our school provides constant electricity via generator so that education is not impacted due to unavailibility of electricity.

Academic Counseling : 

Our school provides academic counseling for concerned parents and children to ensure a positive and inclusive environment for learning. Our teachers also counsel students and parents alike for an excellent academic record capable of distinguishing your children in academics.
 
Healthy Canteen : 

Our school is also priviledged with healthy canteen that takes into account health and sanitation standards so that parents need not worry about the quality of food which is provided in school.

Playground: 

Our school is equipped with a playground that ensures the healthy development of your child by ensuring physical fitness. The playground also provides an oppurtunity for children to interact and develop their social skills.

Learn about our various Social and Cultural Acitivities:
What distinguishes our Schoool from the rest is that we not only put an emphasis on mordern education rather we also stresss the importance of Cultural literacy. Therefore our school is dedicated to providing children with information about our Cultural Identity by various Festivals and Social Events (including Kashmir Day, Indepdendence Day etc) which are held by the school that not only promote
social participation and cultural identity but also promote group identity and sense of fraternity among the students so that our students of today are equipped with proper leadership and cultural skills so that they may be able to lead our nation tommorow inshallah.

Become a Teacher :
Here at our institute a teacher is more than just a lecturer rather a teacher is a friend and beacon of the students which guides them towards heights which have never even been conceived of before.If you think you've got the skills to teach and inspire students? Apply now as a teacher at our pristigious instute!
School Classes 
Education contains a myriad amount of things which can be learnt.Here at Synergy School System we aim to equip your child with the most comprehensive skills to prepare them for their academic future. Some of the subjects that we teach our students are listed as follows:
 
Our Staff 
Here at Synergy School System we take pride in our professsionally trained and distinguished staff which has expertise in teaching students in accordance with SLOs and the most updated teaching methods. Our teachers are listed as follows :


                                                         Client Reviews 

Still not convinced yet? Check out what our satisfied parents have to say about the quality of our education and concept deliverance by our teaching staff.